order_book_max - change example setting (#3044)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/configuration.md

A fixed slot (mirroring `bid_strategy.order_book_top`) can be defined by setting `ask_strategy.order_book_min` and `ask_strategy.order_book_max` to the same number.

!!! Warning "Order_book_max > 1 - increased Risk!"

>     Using `ask_strategy.order_book_max` higher than 1 will increase the risk, since an eventual [stoploss on exchange](#understand-order_types) will be needed to be cancelled as soon as the order is placed.

Reviewer: "increase the risk" of what? risk of appearance of unfilled order hanging till expired?

Author: increased risk as (for example) the stoploss-on-exchange is cancelled way too early - so if the market turns on you, it'll go below your stoploss.

>     Using `ask_strategy.order_book_max` higher than 1 will increase the risk, since an eventual [stoploss on exchange](#understand-order_types) will be needed to be cancelled as soon as the order is placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using `ask_strategy.order_book_max` higher than 1 will increase the risk the stoploss on exchange is cancelled too early, since an eventual [stoploss on exchange](#understand-order_types) will be cancelled as soon as the order is placed.
```
-- you can rephrase this and the suggestion for the previous line, though

>     Also, the sell order will remain on the exchange for `unfilledtimeout.sell` (or until it's filled) - which can lead to missed stoplosses (with or without using stoploss_on_exchange).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Also, the sell order will remain on the exchange for `unfilledtimeout.sell` (or until it's filled) - which can lead to missed stoplosses (with or without using stoploss on exchange).
```

!!! Warning "Order_book_max > 1 in dry-run"

>     Using `ask_strategy.order_book_max` higher than 1 will result in improved dry-run results, since dry-run assumes orders to be filled almost instantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using `ask_strategy.order_book_max` higher than 1 will result in improper dry-run results (significantly better than real orders executed on exchange), since dry-run assumes orders to be filled almost instantly.
```
-- or something like this
